Anita had a mental breakdown.
She had to be sedated and admitted into a psychiatric hospital.
You didn't visit her once.
Why should I?
Her father died saving Sophia's life.
We are supposed to be her family.
We... we owe her.
Can't you see?
Anita has never seen us as family.
She just takes advantage of our guilt.
No.
No, Anita, she's a good girl.
You two love each other.
The only woman I love is Chloe, Mom.
What did the doctor say?
I'm afraid we'll have to wait until the baby's born.
We can leave whenever you want.
I have properties in Paris, Berlin, London.
You're the best, Vivian.
She's giving you a hard time again.
Would you like to see Ethan one more time before we go?